terraform/README.md, before:

# Terraform Configuration

## General Assumptions

- Regular users of Terraform will note that remote states are not being used. While this goes against best practise, this is intentional for the following reasons.

  1. As a personal homelab, this environment is primarily maintained by a single user.
  2. No cloud resources are being managed or configured by this repository.
  3. In the event a state file gets corrupted or goes missing, the state data can be re-imported into a new state file.

- The primary provider module used is [dmacvicar/libvirt](https://github.com/dmacvicar/terraform-provider-libvirt).

## Infrastructure

The [infrastructure](infrastructure) directory contains all infrastructure configuration seperated into distinct parts with their own states. This reduces the blast radius from a potential misconfiguration taking out all infrastructure at once.

### Hypervisors

The configuration contained within the [infrastructure/hypervisors](infrastructure/hypervisors) state configures KVM on the KVM Hypervisors and provides output data that can be used by other states.

```bash
cd infrastructure/hypervisors
terraform init
terraform apply
```

## Modules

The [modules](modules) directory contains all custom Terraform modules used by this repository that do not yet warrant their own seperately maintained respository.

### KVM Virtual Machine

This module is documented at [modules/kvm_virtual_machine](modules/kvm_virtual_machine) and is used for all VMs created on the KVM Hypervisors.

Commit message:

Import and update Kubernetes config

terraform/README.md, after:

# Terraform Configuration

## General Assumptions

- Regular users of Terraform will note that remote states are not being used. While this goes against best practise, this is intentional for the following reasons.

  1. As a personal homelab, this environment is primarily maintained by a single user.
  2. No cloud resources are being managed or configured by this repository.
  3. In the event a state file gets corrupted or goes missing, the state data can be re-imported into a new state file.

- The primary provider module used is [dmacvicar/libvirt](https://github.com/dmacvicar/terraform-provider-libvirt).

## Infrastructure

The [infrastructure](infrastructure) directory contains all infrastructure configuration seperated into distinct parts with their own states. This reduces the blast radius from a potential misconfiguration taking out all infrastructure at once.

### Hypervisors

The configuration contained within the [infrastructure/hypervisors](infrastructure/hypervisors) state configures KVM on the KVM Hypervisors and provides output data that can be used by other states.

```bash
cd infrastructure/hypervisors
terraform init
terraform apply
```

### Core Services

The configuration contained within the [infrastructure/core_services](infrastructure/core_services) state creates KVM VMs for usage as DNS servers. These are deployed to the KVM hypervisors configured in [infrastructure/hypervisors](infrastructure/hypervisors).

```bash
cd infrastructure/core_services
terraform init
terraform apply
```

### Kubernetes

The configuration contained within the [infrastructure/kubernetes](infrastructure/kubernetes) state creates KVM VMs for usage as Kubernetes servers. These are deployed to the KVM hypervisors configured in [infrastructure/hypervisors](infrastructure/hypervisors).

```bash
cd infrastructure/kubernetes
terraform init
terraform apply
```

## Modules

The [modules](modules) directory contains all custom Terraform modules used by this repository that do not yet warrant their own seperately maintained respository.

### KVM Virtual Machine

This module is documented at [modules/kvm_virtual_machine](modules/kvm_virtual_machine) and is used for all VMs created on the KVM Hypervisors.
